ACTION_SUMMARY.md, before:

# Action Summary

## Completed Setup

- **Repo Structure**: Initialized Bun workspace with `apps/web`, `apps/server`, `convex`, and `packages/shared-types`.
- **Backend**: Scaffolds ElysiaJS server with Telebirr webhook stub at `POST /webhooks/telebirr`.
- **Frontend**: Vite + React + Tailwind CSS configured in `apps/web`.
- **Database**: Convex schema defined in `convex/schema.ts`.
- **Scripts**:
  - `seed-plans.ts`: Seeding logic for Hayl Foundations.
  - `ingest-assets.ts`: Stub for licensed asset ingestion.
- **CI/CD**: GitHub Actions workflows `deploy.yml` and `pages-deploy.yml` created.

## Required Human Actions

1. **Secrets**: Configure the following in GitHub Settings -> Secrets:
   - `CONVEX_URL`, `CONVEX_KEY`
   - `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` (for Pages deploy)
   - `TELEBIRR_SECRET`
2. **Review**: Check the PR `init/hayl-bootstrap`.
3. **Deployment**: Connect Cloudflare Pages to `apps/web` and your backend host to `apps/server`.

## Notes

- **PDFs**: Place PDFs in `assets/reference-docs/`. They are gitignored by default.
- **Safety**: Do not publish derived plans without human review.

Commit message:

docs: refine project plan with user feedback (schema normalization, wake lock)

ACTION_SUMMARY.md, after:

# Hayl Bootstrap Action Summary

## Completed Actions

- [x] **Repository**: Created `hayl` repo with Bun workspace structure.
- [x] **Safety**:
  - Added `verifyTelebirrSignature` stub in `server/index.ts` (fails safe).
  - Added explicit audit logging to `scripts/ingest-assets.ts`.
- [x] **CI/CD**:
  - `deploy.yml` for Backend (Fly.io/Render ready).
  - `pages-deploy.yml` for Frontend (Cloudflare Pages).
- [x] **DX**: Created `scripts/setup-secrets.sh` to easily set up GitHub Secrets.

## Immediate Next Steps (For You)

1. **Set Secrets**: Run the helper script to configure your environment:
   ```bash
   ./scripts/setup-secrets.sh
   ```
2. **Review PR**: A Pull Request `feat: Bootstrap Hayl Repository` has been opened. Please review and merge it.
3. **Connect Deployment**:
   - Link **Cloudflare Pages** to this repo (for `apps/web`).
   - Link **Fly.io/Render** to this repo (for `apps/server`).

## Notes

- The `telebirr.test.ts` is intentionally failing/placeholder until you implement the real signature logic.
- **Do not publish** any PDFs to the public web server.
